Welcome! This is the lore for Lones Tech and Weapons mod


Much of this lore also includes Cata++ and Aftershock lore built into and apart of this mod. 


  Before the end of the world, scientist were working on very top secret weapons and tech. Most of this tech was made from technology found,
from within the portals. A lot of this tech was made without the supervision of the head science departments. It was a lot of 3am hush hush, 
from within the labs that this tech came from. 

  Certain labs were set up so that they were focusing solely on CBM tech. They wanted to make new armors based on cbms, and along with new CBMs
themselves. They were trying to push for the Plutonium movement. Which meant that they were trying to make weapons, tech, and CBMS based on 
plutonium and making plutonium. They were successful in making bionic armor, which was incredibly protective but very costly to make. Which 
is why none of the armor saw any MAJOR push for being in the actual military. Once the end struck, lots of these scientist locked themselves
in their labs and continued to try to make new tech, but being cutoff they eventually died. Either to the labs themselves or food. 

  The CBM factory. The factory was the place were the military oversaw the production of CBMS that civilians, and military used daily. 
The factory also had pretty heavy security as they were testing new CBM tech there as well. Automated turrets, robots, and most likely 
overran by now, but nonetheless a perfect place to visit for CBMs. This would be a great place to loot so players can make the more advanced
bionic armor, and weapons that are available. 

  The other tech in this mod like the four barrel flintlock is simply unique tech. The idea is that the world of cataclysm was a bit more lax
on the rules then in real life. As people were using high tech stuff daily. Ive just used this as my reason to have made the odd versions of
weapons. This also includes the Auto crossbow, things like this. 

I Hope you enjoy the mod and for people who actually read this good on you, it took me four days to write up. So thanks everyone! 